# YOLO v3 - TensorFlow 2
TensorFlow 2 implemetation of YOLO v3 with Multi-GPU training support (CPU or single GPU also works). I trained this network on both MSCOCO 2017 and VOC 2007 dataset. 

## Set Up Dataset

### MSCOCO 2017
Please follow [DATASET.md](../../Datasets/MSCOCO/DATASET.md) in MSCOCO directory to set up your dataset first. You could also use your own dataset, but this training scripts uses TF Records as data source, so you will need to generate TF Records in a similiar fashion. Be aware that MSCOCO 2017 is a relative large dataset with 118K training images. With 8x Tesla V100 GPU, it still needs 11 minutes approximately to run through a single epoch.

### VOC 2007
If you just want to try out a smaller dataset with less computing, VOC 2007 is a good dataset to use. It only has 2500 training images and 1x Tesla K80 can train a single epoch in 5 minutes. Please follow [DATASET.md](../../Datasets/VOC2007/DATASET.md) in VOC2007 directory to set up your dataset first. Be careful that the `tfrecord.py` script would overwrite your previous TF Records generated by the same script.

## Start Training
Once all TF Records are generated, you could start training by:
```
python3 train.py
```

[Here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15MGD9oDZQPdPd2Ng5YM2JF4ZIqAQe8z6/view?usp=sharing) is the log file when I train on MSCOCO. Sometimes I find it really useful to compare with other's losses.

## Further Reading

I've wrote an article explaining how YOLO v3 works on my blog [here](https://yanjia.li/dive-really-deep-into-yolo-v3-a-beginners-guide/), it's also available on [my Medium channel]()

## Demo
[MSCOCO 80 Classes](./demo_mscoco.ipynb)

## Evaluation

One of the best ways to evaluate an object detection is through mAP. I'm currently still working in progress in this part. But feel free to leave an issue to discuss this.

## Acknowledgement

Thanks for the following repo that gives me ideas. They are also great alternatives to learn YOLO v3.
1. https://github.com/pjreddie/darknet
2. https://github.com/zzh8829/yolov3-tf2
3. https://github.com/YunYang1994/TensorFlow2.0-Examples/tree/master/4-Object_Detection/YOLOV3

